# Nepal_Flag_PersonalArtProject

This project required me to go online and learn a lot of things about javafx, which I thoroughly enjoyed. 
The program evolved in various phases. First, I just drew the outline, names Geometry in my program. I used simple lines and curves to draw that. However, the difficult part was to get the exact geometry right. For that, I had to draw rough sketch on paper many times, and apply properties of triangle, circle, line bisector, etc. to locate the exact location of every point. The hardest part was to draw the sun and the moon in the flag. For that, I need to draw 8 stars in moon, and 12 stars in sun and their size has to be exact same, and they have to lay around sun and moon perfectly. For that, I utilized the array object. The basic idea is I used my algorithm to locate the position of one of such star perfectly, I positioned it in the outside of the sun/moon, and rotated the triangle by certain angle, the certain number of times, based on whether it is sun or moon. 
After completing all this, I thought it is pretty easy to fill of the colors. However, I did not realize that we can not easily fill colors between the lines draw individually. It has to be predefined objects, such as triangles, circle, to be able to fill color. Therefore, I had to go back to geometry again and use shape this time instead of individual lines and curve to draw the actual map. It was not as hard as drawing the geometry since I already had the coordinated now. 
I also made the program interactive using different scenes and made it able to switch between scenes using buttons. The idea is to enable the user to see the geometry and the constitution the flag is based on. 
Finally, I also made the logos for the legend myself. I did not want to give a whole bunch of files, there I used Azure to publicly host those files and use it directly off the internet. This was another challenging part of the program.
